SPLZ
===========
SPLZ is a fast algorithm for single source shortest path problem on large-scale road network

This program is an implement of SPLZ algorithm. It consist of three parts:
1). Graph partitioning.
2). Compressing the all-pair shortest path of a road network.
3). Decompressing a particular shortest path tree.

These three parts are included in one Visual Studio 2010 solution.  It is easy to build.
Partition and compression are parallelized with OpenMP. So, a multi-core environment is better.
 
 
File format
===========
The benchmark we used is downloaded from http://www.dis.uniroma1.it/challenge9/download.shtml
The graph file format is .gr, and the coordinate file format is .co.
We would not recommend to use SPLZ on a graph with more than one million vertices. 
It needs too much time to pre-computing, unless you have a high performance workstation.


Command format
===========
Note:	
you must input all the parameters mentioned below.
examples of commands are included in ~\x64\Release\
			
1).partition
SPLZ_partition.exe	input_graph input_coordinate C len-to-dict output_regions

	input_graph:	the graph file to be partitioned.
	input_coordinate:	the coordinate file of graph
	C:		the parameter that determine how many regions the graph will be partitioned into. 
			(recommand value of C: 1, 2, 4, 8)
	len-to-dict:		the parameter that can control the compression ratio and decompression speed.
						lower len-to-dict leads to higher compression ratio and lower decompression speed.
	output_regions:	a file that records the result of partitioning.

2). compress
SPLZ_compress.exe  intput_graph intput_regions output_dir

	input_graph:	the graph to be calculated and compressed.
	input_regions:	the file generated by partitioning.
	output_dir:		the directory that stores the result of compressing.
	
3). decompress
	Decompression part is just a demo for testing the performance of SPLZ. 
	It don't have commandline parameter.
	In fact, all parameters are written in the code.
	You can modify them and rebuild.